What happens when you initialize a repository? 
Why do you need to do it?
	An empty repository is created with no commits. 
	So as to not keep files you dont want to keep track of. 

How is the staging area different from the working directory
and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	This intermediary is a preperation area for files to be added. 
	Only files in this area are going to be included in the commit 
 	executed next time. It helps to divide changes in the working 
 	directory into several commits, each of which consists of a group 
	of changes that represent a logical change to the relevant files.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one 
commit per logical change?
Add file where first logical change was made, then commit. 
Then proceed to other logical changes. 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping 
your history organized? How would branches help?
	when adding experimental or new feature which if after test proves working then add to main branch

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	This will help plan the development process. 
	With using git log --graph (possibly with --oneline) [branch 
	names...], you can easily tell how the whole branch structure was 
	developed and at which point each branch was actually created. That 
	would give you the overview of the whole structure of the project 
	you are working on, so that you can tell what you are specifically 
	focusing on and when and which branch to merge your work.

What is the result of merging two branches together? 
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	All the commits in the second branch is merged into the first 
	branch, and the resluting merge commit becomes the new head of your 
	current branch. The diagram shown by git log --graph cleary shows 
	the merged commit has two parents, which correspond to the prior 
	heads of each merged branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Pros:
* Saves your time, especially when each non-conflicting merge is trivial.
* Makes you concentrate on the changes which actually contain conflicts.

Cons:
* Can't thnink of any definite ones. Maybe can make it easier to overlook the potentially dangerous situation where two person are working on the same file at the same time.





